c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\bin\EndurancePublish.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\bin\EndurancePublish.pdb
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\obj\Debug\EndurancePublish.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\obj\Debug\EndurancePublish.dll
c:\users\owner\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\EndurancePublish\EndurancePublish\obj\Debug\EndurancePublish.pdb
